# Ninja_Run  
(previously known as Naruto Ninja Run)  
2D Endless Runner Game (Retroactively Uploaded to Github)  
By Maduvan Kasi ©2017

2D Endless Runner Game designed to incorporate diverse playstyles with Adobe Flash CS6.  
Created in June 2017 as a personal side-project.  
Uses images from Naruto™ - not intended to cause any copyright infringement | project created solely for personal use.  

<b> Objective  </b>  
Survive all waves of enemies, ideally by defeating them  
  
<b> Gameplay </b>  
You control a single entity, which can swap between 3 characters.  
The first character has an attack where he lunges forward.  
The second character has an attack where he lunges backward.  
The third character has an attack where she lunges upward.  
Ignoring all inputs, the entity will naturally travel to the left of the screen as time goes on.  
The entity is not bound by the screen horizontally.  
  
During a level, two types of enemies will travel from the right to the left of the screen.  
Enemy A runs along the ground, while Enemy B flies through the air.  
These enemies can either be hit by the characters' attack, or dodged entirely.  
If the player touches an enemy without attacking, they will collapse in failure.  
  
<b> Controls </b>  
A - Move Left: Moves character to the left  
D - Move Right: Moves character to the right  
Spacebar - Rise: Activates character attack  
1 - Swap[Lee]: Switches to character 1; has forward attack  
2 - Swap[Neji]: Switches to character 2; has backward attack  
3 - Swap[Tenten]: Switches to character 3; has upward attack  
  
<b> Level Editor </b>  
The level played during the game is generated by a textfile, specifically: 'LVL1.txt'  
By editing this textfile, the number, variety, and timings of the enemies can be altered. 
  
Every line in the file represents a distinct enemy.
Each line contains 2 numbers, seperated by a space.  
The first number represents the number of seconds after the last enemy spawned [or game start] to spawn the current enemy.  
The second number represents the type of enemy (1 for running, 2 for flying).  
Support for more levels (i.e. past LVL1) has not yet been implemented, as the project is on an indefinite hiatus.  
